having a ride under mum lets you learn
what life is about and what things are
good to eat while staying cozy and safe
but somersaulting into a pouch is never
a simple procedure
and if mum wants you out out you come
sucklings easy though getting in and out
is hard to get right
mothers don't always help pouches though
are no protection from sun disasters
october and summaries on its way this
year it brings unusual trouble
there's heavy rain and mosquito
populations boom
the insects carry a virulent parasite
which attacks and kills the biggest Roos
in just three weeks the population in
the park is devastated
over fifty percent of the bruised eye
mostly the large males and the bigger
females
but the disease creates another tragedy
one that affects the young lots of Joe
is the same age as Elvis are wandering
around without mums they don't seem to
know in which direction to go to search
for food and congregate in little groups
all over the park youngsters usually
suckle from their mums for over a year
without this essential nourishment one
by one throughout the park the little
Joey's give up the fight for life
but did mother and son survived the
plague remarkably ruby has made it she
survived the hardest challenge he's ever
faced and so has Elvis they've survived
partly because she's a smallish Ruth so
the mozzies didn't have much body to
bite and partly it was just pure good
luck